Title: 
Acquia U Overview 

Body: 
The demand for Drupal talent is skyrocketing. Acquia is focused on hiring and training great Drupal engineers and client advisors to give the world exactly what it needs: more Drupalists. Acquia U is a program designed for recent and upcoming college graduates and people building a career in web technology. Acquia U candidates are hired full-time as Client Advisors and enrolled into our comprehensive Drupal training program. Also read our press release.

We're looking for recent or imminent college graduates who want great experience and foundational training as part of their employment, but we're also open to anyone who can demonstrate a basic knowledge of web development and has a strong track record of self-motivation.

The Acquia U program combines a full-time job with training that includes:

    Six weeks of paid hands-on Drupal and supporting LAMP skills training, real-world business training around presentation and problem solving skills - plus the opportunity to work individually and in groups to learn and demonstrate mastery of these skills
    
    Three 6-week paid rotations with our technical teams: Engineering, Professional Services, Client Advisory
    
    Full time employment at Acquia as a Client Advisor on the Client Advisory team, where you will work with our Support, Engineering, and Professional 
    Services teams to execute and manage Drupal projects for our clients and partners - Complete with real-world experience in demonstrating the value, flexibility, and extensive capabilities of Drupal
   
   Ample opportunity for growth at Acquia as your Drupal expertise deepens 


Interested? Great! Acquia U candidates should fulfill the following requirements:

    Show a demonstrated interest in web development and emerging technologies
    
    Have a working knowledge of html and css
    
    Be recent or imminent college graduates. (Career changers and US Veterans also welcome to apply)
    
    Be located in (or be willing to relocate to) the greater Boston area
    
    Be able to legally work in the United States of America
    
    Have a Computer Science or Engineering backgrounds (preferred), although exceptional candidates from all backgrounds will be considered

Also very helpful are strong customer interaction skills and excellent written communication abilities.

Ready to Join? Apply today! <!--link to: http://www.acquia.com/content/employment-inquiries?source_id=acquiaU>

You don't have to wait for us to get back to you to get started on your Drupal adventure. Get started today!

    Drupal Gardens <!--link to:http://www.drupalgardens.com/>- you can easily build a Drupal website (and manage users, site structure and content) in a controlled Drupal environment. Bonus points for helpful participation, assisting, or lending a hand in the community forums.
    
    DevDesktop <!--link to:http://www.acquia.com/downloads>- get a local installation of Drupal (and the AMP stack) on your laptop.
    
    Drupal Community <!--link to:http://groups.drupal.org/>- find a local gathering of "Drupalists" and go say hello! Go to the link and search for your location. Boston people go here.
    
    Drupal Training <!--link to:http://training.acquia.com/events>- get formal training in Drupal - events happening globally, as well as other resources you may find useful.
